welcome to on location with distant
chores this is a new feature we're going
to try to do it's very informal this
isn't part of the fancy television
program we're just trying to update you
all on what's been going on with us here
on location onboard distant tours over
the last week or two so here we are an
absolutely fabulous virgin gorda North
Sound bitter end Yacht Club Leverett Bay
North sounds a wonderful protected
anchorage one of our favorite hangouts
and we've been kind of doing that the
last couple weeks just sort of hanging
out we've been working away on programs
that we're trying to get finished up and
get them off to the TV broadcasters
we're doing pretty well we've got two
shows almost ready so they'll be out
soon and that's the first ones for
season ten weather we've had the most
unbelievable weather it's been just
fantastic we've had this kind of light
wind it's blowing 10 to 12 knots it's 80
degrees every day it's perfect we've
hardly had any rain at all it's just
like you've hardly ever seen this kind
of weather and the BVI is just such a
fantastic place to come and sail anyway
but this has just been the best ever
work on season 10 show updates yeah
we've been working with on the shows all
last night we had a dinghy adrift in the
Anchorage here that was exciting it's
kind of a lesson in there too I think as
one of the boats just a couple up from
us I guess the dinghy painter came off
it was night the moon was up and he
thought he could catch it before it
floated away too far he jumped in the
water but luckily he thought to put a
lifejacket on first I jumped in the
water and swam after the dinghy and with
even the wind is fairly light still the
thing he drifted away faster than he
could swim so we were down below decks
and the first thing we heard was a kind
of Oh coming from outside so we came out
and he was swimming past the boat
dinging so I think there's a lesson that
definitely you know you wanna it's just
a dinghy you can get it back somehow
especially here in North Sound it's not
gonna really go anywhere you can call
someone on the VHF radio or yell for
help
yell to ask someone else to grab you in
a dinghy lost your dinghy something like
that so it's kind of scary
I was really worried that what if we've
done a bit of diving over the last few
days the water in the British versions
is great for the diving had a nice
octopus encounter which is very nice and
low but that's the show somewhere had
some great sailing as they say the wind
has been oh you know ten to fifteen sort
of every single day had a couple of
really light days and I'm able to anchor
in some amazing places so if you've
never been to the Virgin Islands I'm
really happy for you in a way cuz you're
gonna get to have that experience when
you come down here for the first time
it's just one of the best sailing places
ever and I hope you can make it down
here and I hope also you get a chance if
you haven't already seen some of our
distant shores episodes we've made a few
on the Virgin Islands and lots on the
Caribbean we do always appreciate the
people who are watching our shows and
also it helps us a lot if you actually
buying the DVDs that's really great and
we look out for you if we see you on the
water come over and say hello we've had
a lot of people come up and say they
catch the show or the last in a while
that's been really nice and when we have
these really long days working on the
shows it's really nice to know that
people are watching them and
appreciating it it takes well over a
hundred hours of work after we finished
shooting just to get one half hour
getting these two dungeon mode and we'll
talk to you next time see you on the
water